Welcome everyone to bedwars. But this is
going to be zero build. So no
complaining about not being able to
build fellas.
Remember you need to protect your bed
and destroy everyone else's game. How do
I buy stuff? Wait. Seriously? Already?
Seriously? Seriously? You can beat up
the wood, dude. Did you guys know that?
Yeah, you have to beat the wood to get
the wood. No, you you can't get extra.
Uh, actually I don't know if that's
even. So yeah, you get the wood and then
you can upgrade. Okay, but you need 500
to upgrade.
Don't fall into the water. Okay, I will
not do that. I will not fall into the
water. There's basically little upgrades
around your base. You spend your
resources on upgrading those. And how do
I get over to the freaking around the
base? Yeah. Yeah. So if you look around
your base, you'll see them. You'll see
them. Okay. Wait, how do I get over to
the islands then? I just told you that
the the upgrades will do that. Oh, I
see. Upgrade base. Was that what you
said, Josh? I did. Yeah, a few times,
actually. Oh, sorry. We're just going to
be upgrading our base for the time being
then. I'm not really known for
listening, Josh, is my thing. Yes,
that's correct, Finn. That's correct.
Yes. All right. So, basically, you as
long when you get 500, you'll be able to
get your first upgrades. 500? What?
Okay, there we go. I got a bridge, guys.
I got a bridge. I think I got a bridge,
too. I didn't mean to buy that bridge.
No, no, you don't. You don't have a
bridge, idiot. I did. I do. I definitely
bought the wrong thing, so that's good.
Wa! Wait, so you can like get to the Oh,
I get it. Wait, where do you get
weapons? Uh, you you can buy them.
They're literally all around you. I need
more weapons. More diamond, guys. Let me
let me get a gun. This I've got
something. Se
Why did I double jump? That was crazy.
Oh, you like that, Finn? You like that?
How about you shake your face? Green's
bed has been destroyed. What? Oh, well,
they're not even in the game. They're
not in the game, so that's okay. Oh, I
thought that was I thought you had just
killed Finn's bed. I didn't know what
color he was. No, no, no. Green is a
yucky color, right? Okay, moving on. Do
we lose diamonds when we fall off with
them? Is that how Why do you sound so
slow? I would assume. I'm just worried.
Oh, I've got so many diamonds, dude. Oh
my god. I nearly did the exact same
thing I did last time. That's Oh,
there's so many bridges. They should
call this bridge wars. Well, that's
good. Finn,
you know. Nah, Finn, that's not your
best. So, now I can do some upgrades.
What are you doing, Finn? Are you guys
in a fight already? I don't even know
how you're managing. I mean, we we've
been fighting a lot. Crater always just
comes straight for me. It's because I
like you, Finn. On the side islands, the
chest only works once, which is kind of
a bummer. Would you say you're and
there's not another generator anywhere,
right? So, am I the first one to make it
to the middle? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not
really focusing on the middle, actually.
So, well, the middle is very good. Let
me tell you right now. The middle is How
good would you rate out of 10? Actually,
it's a bit worse than I thought, but I
got a lot of coins out of it. We haven't
even got any kills yet. Coins. Okay,
damn it. That would have been sick,
right? That would have been cool. Josh,
double damage supply drop. Buy coins.
Gotcha. Supply drop. Oh, a vault card
spawned. Guys, guess where I'm going.
Missile helicopter. What the heck does
that I don't actually know what is in
the vault. I got it. I got the vault
card.
What? What's a vault card? I can put it
and open my vault. And I'm guessing it
is very good. Well done, Craner. Well
done. Well done. You don't mean that.
Dang it. Boom. I didn't even hit you
once inside of it. Slurpish. Oh, it's
opening. It's opening. The vault is
opening. What have we got? Are you
opening right now? We opening. We got
Damn it. There's nothing for me to get
in here yet, dude. I can get it later.
You're getting penalized for going too
fast there, dude. That's bad behavior.
That he said penal.
He said penal. He said penal. I heard
it. I heard it. What are you doing,
Josh? What's he doing, Kina? I feel like
he's I don't know. He's kind of just
minding his own business right now. I'm
just doing my upgrades, making my way
downtown.
Walking fast. Yeah,
I'm homebound.
Yeah, basically
pretty much that. Okay, I buy this
that. Okay, there we go. I do I need to
go to the middle. I got some demones. I
got demons.
Okay, I am right now I'm going to green
base so I can get their supply of of
diamonds. That's naughty. That is a
naughty behavior. That's good, right
though? I'm thinking. Okay, let's
upgrade that. I'm thinking outside the
box here, Josh. Like my dad always used
to tell me before he went into a box.
Wow. Oh no.
What? What's wrong? What did you Why are
you screaming? I jumped into the water.
Okay, so did you lose what did you lose?
I'm very curious. I didn't lose my
diamonds. I did not lose my diamonds.
Okay, that's good to know. You lose your
I lost all of my gear. Yeah, which I
actually like I had pretty good gear.
You had good gear, but no idea.
Yeah. Where did you find this guy, Josh?
Seriously.
Oh,
Jesus Christ. Josh just got me, dude.
Josh,
what? What the hell?
What?
I hate you. You suck. Okay, you love
him.
Finn is at my base now.
What is happening? This is what you get.
How do I destroy his How do I destroy
his base? You shoot it. Doing it, you
idiot.
What is going on?
There we go. Bro, it's actually going to
eliminate me, dude. Honestly, is this a
temporary upgrade? Oh crap. No, he
killed me. Oh, I should I should have
level uh healed up. Should have left
while late leaving was good. I should I
should have healed up, bro. Broki. Oh,
you had some good items, Finn. Uh, no.
You now just given them all to him,
Finn. What do you How do you feel about
that? You got to You got to kill him for
it. All right. I I've got the card. Did
you say it wasn't really that useful,
though? No, it's really useful. If you
have If you have enough coins, it's
really good. Oh, okay. So, you need
coins to spend it on. Okay. Gotcha.
Gotcha. Why do I give you info? That's a
good All right, open up. Open up. Let's
see what you got. Give me the good guy.
Open up. Whoa, that's expensive. Okay,
this is what I want to get next. So,
let's work on that. Holy crap. He's just
saying this is crazy.
Um, what did he do? I don't know. That
was mentalist. Have any of you gotten
those llamas, by the way? Oh, no. I've
not really Yeah, me too. Me, too. Damn
it.
What? What? Are you wearing a hat? A
hat? Yeah, it looks like you're wearing
a hat. I mean, I'm wearing a backwards
cap. What do you mean wearing a hat?
Keep pulling out the wrong gun. I swear
to God.
What? Wait, has Finn been shooting your
bed while you've been up there? I guess
he has. Yeah.
I'm not going to leave my base again.
He's running. It's actually It takes It
actually takes a lot of damage to be
fair. Like there's no chance. I hate you
guys. I just What have I done? Nice
shot, bro. What have I done? What have I
done? Oh, well done, Josh. That's
Thanks, bro. Thanks. That's so nice of
you. What? What is this house in the
middle then? What What's that about?
Don't worry, you little dumbhead about
that, buddy. Oh, bro. You just tried to
kill my bed again, you jerkhead. No, I
didn't. That wasn't me.
Oh, he's got a shotgun. Oh, I mean, uh,
guys, guys, guys,
blue has launched a nuke on their base,
Finn. Yeah, you just What the hell?
Killed with it. Wait, really? What the
hell? Yeah. Oh, thanks for the diamonds,
bro. That helps a lot. What the hell?
Where are you guys right now? I don't
even um I'm just chilling out right now.
I don't know. Oh, I don't like Finn.
What? That's all I know right now. Can I
just say something? Yeah, I'm giving you
a bit of your own medicine cuz you
always target me in everything we play
first. Yeah, thank you. Isn't that
right, Josh? Josh, do you mind? I'm just
trying to trying to get some things.
Okay. I didn't even That's okay. I don't
like this gun. I upgraded my gun, but it
feels like a not an upgrade. Yellow is
launched a nuke on their Was somebody in
my base? I felt like I heard footsteps.
No. What are you doing, Gra? I think I'm
just up. I'm becoming insane, guys.
Okay, this gun is less good than the one
I was just using.
It still kills you, I guess. So, there's
like he's going to end up winning
because you're freaking annoying, dude.
How do you You always How do you always
do this? You always turn around onto me
like I'm doing something wrong. How am I
getting blamed? I haven't done anything
wrong. I'm not blaming you, Josh. I am
blaming Finn for what? You are not do
you're not even shooting at Josh
just just had a fight. Okay. How do I
know what player upgrades I've got? I
can't really tell. Player
Josh, please. Wait, this is only 15. Oh,
okay.
Who's shooting at me, dude? Oh, it's
Josh, isn't it? Just taking some pot
shots.
And we got a little finny finny bin bin
bin bin bin over here. I just thought
I'd get involved if you know what I'm
saying. Baby, you're just distracting me
from shooting craner though.
Jesus, I killed.
Don't worry, Josh. I regret getting you
guys. What is your problem with? You're
the one that opened fire at us, though.
What is this gun,
guess? Okay, that's pretty sick. Okay.
All right. All right. All right. Crane
has got the uh laser shields up. I can
see in the distance. So Oh, good boy.
He's going to be fairly well protected
soon. Thank you. Josh's base is like
insane. Well, so is Fins. I'm actually
the one furthest behind right now, I
think. I'll be honest with you, I'm not
really sure what I should concentrate
on. Trader Josh is spreading towards
you. What? Why would you do that? Do you
not want me to kill him? Like, what was
the plan there?
I'm helping. I'm helping Craner. I'm
helping. Wait, are you guys working to
What's going on here? No, Crater. I'm
not I'm not I'm not against you. I'm
going. I'm going Craner. That's what you
get, dude. That's what you get. We're
pretty much in the point of the game now
where we need to get real aggressive
with beds.
Well, you want to get aggressive in the
bed? No. With the bed wars, dude.
Somebody shoot my guard. He's a stupid
guard anyway. Who's shooting at me, bro?
been always shooting me whenever I do
things to cran. Hey, no, it's cuz I see
you, bro. You just attack my base as
well. I think I think you're
overanalyzing, Josh. It's also like when
I saw you, I shot at you, you know. It's
not because you started doing things to
Finn. Well, no. I think the thing I like
most about when you fully things to me,
Crer I'm saying to Finn, it's like I'm
trying to kill Cran. Why is he stopping
me from killing Krina? You know what I
mean?
Oh, I mean,
oh,
thank God, dude. You've got some sick
weapons, bro. Thanks for the donation,
Josh. I uh truly needed it, actually.
You're welcome. You're welcome. Yeah,
sometimes you got to look out for the
little guy. In return, do you want to
both do a pinser attack on Finn? Can I
trust you, though? That's not fair,
dude. That's not fair, bro. Yeah, let's
let's eliminate Finn. Yeah. No, you
can't do that. I'll trust you this time.
Go, go, go.
I feel like he's shooting at me, but I
What the hell is that gun? Enemy down.
Enemy down. What is that?
That That's not fair. I'll keep I'll
keep him dead.
That's crazy. Never mind. He killed me.
Josh run. That's actually crazy, guys.
Yeah, that was kind of crazy. To be fair
though, he just did like a bunch of
damage.
Uh, okay. What to do next?
Ow. Are you guys having a tussle?
What? A tussle? Yes, we're we're to
we're tossling about right now. I ran
out of bullets. Awkward. Oh, he's
destroying a dead crunch. Wait, what?
Finn, I don't know why you keep doing
that. Like, do you want me to kill him?
Sorry. I don't know why I do. It's like
instinct. I just want to back my friends
up, you know. But you're both my
enemies. Crap. He's going to take my bed
now. Son of a gun.
Ah, I hate the dual pistol. It's so bad.
Maybe upgrade. Well, uh, get an upgrade.
I'm almost I'm almost out of uh bed. So,
yeah. And Josh is back here. That's
lovely. That's lovely.
Oh, I hate you. I want you to suffer.
Oh, is he? I want you to fall down and
break all of your bones. Oh my god,
we're getting so uh we get we get aggy
with this, don't we? Never mind. I love
you pistol.
I like the change up. It's funny. Yeah,
he switches up real quick. I do. It
doesn't take a lot for me to switch my
alliances. You guys better watch out. I
might switch group again helicopter.
I've heard Jelly and Creelcott really
need Okay, let's let's not let's not
bring that over here. Okay, Crane. Yes.
Sorry about that. Apologize. I stole
Craner's helicopter. He had a
helicopter. Wait, what? You can do that?
Whoa. Look at him in the air. Look at
him. Wa. You just fired a rocket. That's
crazy. That cost me freaking 10
diamonds. By the way, I can get his bed
from here as well, Josh. Yeah, I can
tell.
Hey, Craner.
Oh my god. Okay. Oh my god. Well, I am
out, I guess. No, you're not. It's nice.
once again decides to shoot me when I'm
killing someone else's bed. So, I have
to go. Finn, just so you know, Cranon's
bed is is is basically done. It's pretty
low. It's pretty low. Yeah. You know, if
you wanted to maybe do something. Yeah,
I wouldn't blame you.
What is it? What upgrade am I even
trying to get right now? Okay, fine.
What is that noise? Is he sneaking up on
you, Gra? I went up to his bed and I
wouldn't call it sneaking really, but he
definitely got up here. By the way,
Crane, I'm not going to lie to you. You
being in the middle is definitely a
disadvantage. I do fully acknowledge
that. I apologize. Thank you, bro. Have
you guys seen this? I have a turret.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's I think it's
mainly for taking out the helicopters
once again. That is so cool, dude. Josh,
what are you?
Yeah, good luck. Good luck with that,
Finn. Good luck with that.
I don't like this sniper. That gun is
awful. Yeah, I I've had a bad That is
terrible. That That's supposed to be a
shotgun as well. What? The one you shot
me with? Yeah, bro. It's easy to get
coins, Josh. I know what you were saying
now. Yeah. Fight. I'm not targeting you.
V will win. Stop. Josh, go away, bro.
Damn. I killed him. I killed him. Attack
his base. I mean, I'm going to respawn
here.
Let's see how this treats. I didn't even
do any freaking damage to Finn's dumb
bed. You did damage to my feelings, bro.
And you deserve it. You monstrous human
being. That's That's enough. You monster
human being. What do security cameras
do? I don't They tell you. They tell you
when someone attacks. Wait, how much
freaking shield have you got? Why did
What do you mean? I've just got normal.
We went toe to toe, bro. What do you
mean? I'm shooting you in the head.
Something up his sleeve. I don't know
why you guys think that. Buy this stuff.
Maybe if you focus a bit more on
yourself. Bro's got something up his
sleeve. I know. I know. I know. And I
don't like it. Bro should be wearing
tank tops, dude. Mhm. What? So he
doesn't have things up his sleeve
anymore. That's honestly not your best.
I agree. I agree. I think it was pretty
creative, but all right,
Josh, go away. I don't want you here in
my life.
So, I don't think there's anything
really much more to upgrade. I don't
know about you guys. Nah, the only thing
we can really do now is attack each
other, but I don't want to do that. Why
not? I just kind of want to chill, you
know? Like, we've had a stressful game.
What do you mean stressful game? I don't
know. Like, I feel pretty stressed out
right now. Wouldn't it be nice to just
like chill? You're having fun when it's
peaceful. Yeah, like I'm just, you know,
it's like playing a tight Yeah, but
there's guys at one point then we all
get Why do we have to not be friends?
Why?
What's the point? We all just get strong
and then you know and I'll be happy for
my friends if they're strong Josh unlike
you. But we need to destroy beds. What
do you
Josh? Josh. I shot Finn out of the sky
with my turret. I'm literally going back
cuz Josh is at my freaking base.
All right. Let me know when you're here.
I think he just arrived cuz I shot him
out of the sky.
So, how are you not dead? Oh my god,
he's slamming the floor.
Where do we get noise completes?
I'm the only one who's killing beds
right now cuz you guys are doing
nothing. What? We Maybe we should just
take Craner out like we should have done
a long time. I've asked you guys if you
want to do something. I don't trust you.
Well, you What do you mean then? Because
you betrayed Craner. I didn't betray
you. Did I? Can we all be friends? No,
we're going to kill each other. Last
person standing. I'm not gonna kill you,
Crano, because it's like kicking a baby
like that. All right, so kill Finn.
No, that's No, no,
Josh. You know you want to. Josh, stop.
Oh my god. What are you using? A bro,
I'm just using normal guns. Finn, can
you stop saying that every two seconds?
My guy is obsessed. You literally I've
died at yours multiple times. You can
just pick up what I'm using. Okay, stop
complaining.
Oh my god.
I think crane is crashed. I mean, I hear
a helicopter of some. No, I'm all good.
Your aim is
I mean, yeah. I mean, I'm I'm doing all
right. Wait, Finn is in my base again.
What the hell?
He's running.
Finn is on his way to your base. Why are
you saying that, Craner? Because I was
trying to kill you. Irritating.
Did you get his bed?
No, I didn't get his bed. I had no
health cuz of you.
I just got your bed, I think. No, I
didn't. You can see the health in the
top right hand corner. You know what? I
don't even care anymore. You can see the
elves in the health in the top right
hand corner. Guys, what's best to use
against the bed? A gun or I haven't
figured that out yet. We're playing too
defensive. What's up, homie? What's up?
That's me. It's me. It's me. Sorry.
Yeah, sorry. My bad.
I'm just destroy I'm trying to destroy
Craner's bed. It won't It won't Nothing
happens. So, yeah. We might have our
first bed destroyed.
Wait, did you not finish it? You didn't
finish it, Craner. No, I thought you
would finish it. I thought you would
finish it. I thought you were going to
finish it. Go back there and get it. I
just fell off. This is I mean,
sorry.
I fell off as well. Okay, just so you
know, just so I want you to stay
involved. Your your bed's destroyed.
Yeah, I think I I see that. Okay. Well,
I didn't know trade me. I What does that
mean? Let's go get Kramer's bed. Okay.
You never agreed to it. You never agreed
to it. The last thing you said was you
don't trust me. Well, uh I thought the
jetpack worked differently than what it
did. So, I'm now dead. Well, Finn's
running a helicopter. Finn, that's
dangerous cuz if you get shot out,
you're dead. I'm not going to shoot you.
I don't care anymore. It's It's just We
want to have fun, don't we?
Oh, that's one. Kron, do it.
Oh, you know Josh is in your bed right
now. Yeah, it's fine. All right, guys.
Well, both of your beds have been
destroyed. Wait, wait. Crater, go to
Josh's base. Get his bed. Yes. Go, go,
go. Yes.
Oh, get his bed. I'm trying. I'm trying.
I got I got to angle it right. Oh my
god. What a comeback if you guys both
end up destroying my bed. Wait, have we
destroyed it yet? No, there's still a
guard in here. Finn,
shoot. I'm shooting. Well, I'm dead,
Finn. I'm freaking dead. Where is Finn?
Oh, there he is. No, no, that's not me.
That's me. Uhoh.
Oh, no. I I died. Well, Josh, you won. I
could tell he didn't die. Where are you,
Finn? Where are There he is. And game
over.
Woo! Congratulations, Josh.
Congratulations. We have a winner.
Outrageous.